[Music]
well here are some really cool computer
tricks to save your energy and data hey
we've all been there you're typing up
some text when all of the sudden you see
a bunch of mumbo-jumbo pop up on the
screen or maybe you save a link to read
a certain website later on only to
discover that it's nowhere to be found
or even worse you're pulling an
all-nighter on an essay and your
computer unexpectedly dies before you
had a chance to save your work if you've
ever been in situations like these we
know the frustration they can evoke
that's why we're bringing you some quick
and easy computer tips that'll save your
time energy data and let's be honest
nerves
oh by the way have you subscribed to our
channel yet we've got all kinds of
amazing videos right here on the bright
side of life so go ahead and hit that
big red button and turn on post
notifications while you're at it alright
let's get started the Internet let's
start off with some tricks you can use
whenever you experience problems while
surfing the net number one if you've
closed an important tab on accident you
can quickly reopen it by pressing the
following Keys simultaneously ctrl +
Shift + T if you have Windows or command
a + Shift + T if you're on a map
number two in case you've made a mistake
while typing an address into the URL bar
you can restore the address of the
current webpage in the search field by
hitting escape number three ever wish
you could save a webpage as a PDF
did you even know you could do that if
not you do now if you're a Windows user
press ctrl + P and then choose save as a
PDF as for Mac users hit command + P and
then choose save as a PDF in the drop
down menu tip number four if you need to
find a specific book or website in
Google you can use the advanced search
go to www.uwec.edu/career browser as
soon as the Advanced Search page comes
up apply all the filters you need and
then press the advanced search button if
you're looking for a certain book you
can even choose the file format you need
like PDF doc rft or DJ vu number 5 with
the help of a simple combination of keys
you can find out the time in any city
around the world just type time plus
City into the search engine number 6 you
can also easily and quickly find out
what any amount of one currency would be
in another for example you can type 900
dollars in euros into the address bar
and Google will do the rest
who needs calculators right
number seven well sure calculators do
come in handy from time to time but
instead of busting out your phone or an
actual calculator I know so archaic you
can use Google for this as well all you
got to do is type in whatever number
plus minus or whichever function you
need the other number and then enter
[Music]
number eight since we're on the topic of
having Google do all your heavy lifting
for you instead of going through all the
trouble of typing in the URL of some
online dictionary thesaurus or
translator just use the Google address
bar you can type in a word plus meaning
synonyms or in Spanish in French or
whichever translation you're looking for
man if Google could only do my taxes for
me social media there are also plenty of
little known tips and tricks when it
comes to using some social media site or
mobile app tip number nine the 140
character limit in Twitter was always a
bone of contention for tons of people
I mean who on earth could fully express
themselves in just two short sentences
that's why the apps creators decided to
increase the character limit to 280 but
if that's still not enough for you to
say what you need to say you can use
apps like tweet
twit longer or tall tweets number 10
have you found a page on Facebook that
you'd like to save and look at whenever
you want well you totally can just
choose save link at the top of the page
to reopen it later click on saved in the
menu number 11 if you need to send
someone an email but you don't know
their address you can use Facebook well
as long as they have a Facebook account
but who doesn't nowadays am i right
anyway you can send an email to their
Facebook address with their username at
facebook.com
the network will redirect this message
to the email the person's account is
registered with moving on to working
with documents lots of people use their
computer to work with documents if
you're one of them here are some tips
you'll be glad to know tip number 12 if
you need to find a lost document any
other type of file or even a program
press the following key combinations
when + R for Windows you can click
browse or use a search bar and then
enter to find what you're looking for
command + space spotlight for mac again
you can either enter your search request
or pick the program you need number 13
if you want to change the font size in
word simply press ctrl + Shift + greater
than to increase or control shift less
than to decrease the font size on a
Windows machine as for Mac it'll be
command + Shift + greater than to make
the font bigger and command shift less
than to make it smaller
number 14 if you have an open file in
Word you can save it super fast by
hitting ctrl + S for Windows or command
+ S format
[Music]
number 15 well working with documents on
your computer it's all too easy to
accidentally make a mistake or press the
wrong button
to avoid any dire consequences and the
save time just hit ctrl + z for Windows
or command + Z format to undo the
previous action number 16 if on the
contrary you've understood that your
previous action turned out to be
surprisingly brilliant yeah that was you
you can always repeat it using ctrl + y
for windows and command + y on a Mac
number 17 by the way Google Docs is a
great tool for those who work with texts
a lot there all documents are
automatically saved every second so you
won't lose any unsaved work if your
computer dies or crashes another cool
thing about it is that you can edit your
documents from any device just create an
account and you'll have access to all
your files no matter where you are to
save your time and energy you can
memorise the most frequently used key
combinations of course they're different
for Windows and Mac OS so we've divided
them into two groups
shortcut keys for windows windows key +
e will open internet explorer Alt + tab
will help you switch between programs
ctrl + Shift + escape will open the task
manager
ctrl + escape will bring up the Start
menu all plus f4 will close the current
window or quit an active application Alt
+ space will open the menu for the
program you're currently using windows +
tab will open task view
[Music]
here's some shortcut keys for Mac OS
command + C will copy the text you've
selected command + V will paste this
selected text wherever you need it
command + P will let you print the
current document command + M will
minimize the front window to the doc
command + the semicolon will find
misspelled words in your document option
+ command + escape let you pick an
application to force quit function + the
up arrow Scrolls up one page function +
the down arrow allows you to get back to
the previous page function + the right
arrow will take you to the beginning of
the document and function + the left
arrow will what ya send you to the end
of the document and here's a bonus
number 18 if you need to locate a
deleted page or find out what a website
used to look like you can use the online
time-travel machine well more
specifically this address for
archive.org there you can enter the
address of the deleted page in the
search bar and the site will find it
even if it doesn't exist anymore on top
of that this online archive serves as a
nonprofit library that contains millions
of free movies books music journals and
so much more it's like a goldmine so
check it out number 19 not to be morbid
here but sometimes people need to delete
a facebook account in the event of the
user's death now to do that they should
go to settings pick general then press
manage account after that they'll need
to click your legacy contact and choose
request account deletion
[Music]
number twenty have you noticed the
little bumps on the F and J keys on your
keyboard if you have it just take a look
or a feel huh pretty random right well
not really random these bumps are there
to help you position your hands on the
keyboard correctly without looking your
left index finger should be on the F key
and your right one on the letter J if
you want to practice touch typing so
there you have it if you already use any
of these tricks to save time when you're
on the computer
great hit that like button to show the
world how tech-savvy you are do the same
if you believe that these life hacks
will come in handy in the future and if
you know any tips we haven't mentioned
please leave them in the comments below
we're also thirsty for knowledge and
time-saving techniques here on the
bright side of life
[Music]